# Rationale
This project was originally a fork of a project by [sebgl](https://github.com/sebgl/htpc-download-box) but after following his tutorial I encountered some issues with deployment and noticed some documentation that could've been improved upon. Originally this was meant to be a fork, but I feel the changes I have made and plan on making are significant enough to warrant creating my own repo. The goal of this project is to create a home theater software stack with the least amount of work required by the user while providing the flexibility to accomodate those who do wish to change things. I hope you can see this focus in some of the changes I have made to sebgl's original work. All of this is not to say that sebgl's work is bad, but for someone like me who doesn't have the time nor expertise to figure out some of the steps required on my own, I needed a better solution. I hope that this works well for people in my own shoes. Now, let's get on with the show.
# Before we get started...
These are some recommendations that might make things a little easier for you, but **are not required** as everyone has their own system and workflow for maintaining their services.

- A hypervisor like Proxmox to manage the machine that will be hosting our services. While you can run these applications on a bare metal OS, Proxmox affords the user much more granular control over resource allocation, networking, and other aspects of the machine that can reduce a lot of headaches when troubleshooting.
- A separate storage server. It is always a good idea to keep your systems separated by roles. You can do this by making either separate VMs for the storage server and the home theater stack, or by using separate physical machines. This way, if one machine goes down you're not losing access to all aspects of your system, especially if your storage server hosts more than just your movies and tv.
- A service like Tailscale to allow you to remotely manage your services (and facilitate secure remote streaming). You can find installation documentation for your OS [here](https://tailscale.com/download/). 
- [Plex Pass](https://www.plex.tv/plex-pass/). This is Plex's Premium service that gives you access to useful features like unlimited mobile clients, hardware acceleration (useful for HDR tonemapping and transcoding), etc. The pricing isn't all that bad either. 
- A decent graphics card or a CPU that supports Intel Quicksync. If you're transcoding large streams with a lot of data per frame, you're going to want one of these things to help speed things up. 

The next things are required for this setup to work.
- A VPN service. I recommend Mullvad, PIA, or Nord for this particular setup, but most should work just fine with some tweaking.
- If you plan on using separate machines (virtual or physical) for your storage server and your docker host make sure that both have dedicated IP addresses so that they can always find each other in the event of a network or machine restart.
- Plenty of RAM and storage. RAM is useful for caching large streams and downloads while storage is going to be useful for... You know, storing your data!
#Let's begin!
## Creating our directories
The first thing you're going to want to do is create directories for our containers to store their data and to store media they download for us. For this stack, we'll need two. One for the {ROOT} variable in our .env file and one for the {SRVR} variable. Root is where *most* of our containers will store their configuration files and SRVR is where the media will be stored. So, make a directory on your docker host and make one on your storage host and name them whatever you wish. 
